[PXCT-17] add RTC RPC example (#2298)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/10.mega/boards/giga-r1-wifi/tutorials/giga-dual-core/giga-dual-core.md

}
```

### RTC RPC

> This example demonstrates how the RTC can be accessed from the M4:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Real-time Clock (RTC) can be accessed from the M4 core, and using RPC, we can read the values.

In this example, we set the RTC to a specific date (can be adjusted in the example), send it to the M7 via RPC, and finally prints it out in the Serial Monitor using the M7 core. 
```

**M4 sketch:**
```arduino
/**
* Initial author: Henatu (https://forum.arduino.cc/u/henatu/summary)
* modified 03 December 2024
* by Hannes Siebeneicher
*/

#include "mbed.h"
#include <mbed_mktime.h>
#include "RPC.h"

constexpr unsigned long printInterval{ 1000 };
unsigned long printNow{};

void setup() {
  if (RPC.begin()) {
    RPC.println("M4: Reading the RTC.");

>     //RTCset()  //Uncomment if you need to set the RTC for the first time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    RTCset(); //sets the RTC to start from a specific time & date
```

  }
}

void loop() {
  if (millis() > printNow) {
    RPC.print("M4 System Clock: ");
    RPC.println(getLocaltime());
    printNow = millis() + printInterval;
  }
}

String getLocaltime() {
  char buffer[32];
  tm t;
  _rtc_localtime(time(NULL), &t, RTC_4_YEAR_LEAP_YEAR_SUPPORT);
  strftime(buffer, 32, "%Y-%m-%d %k:%M:%S", &t);
  return String(buffer);
}

void RTCset()  // Set cpu RTC
{
  tm t;
  t.tm_sec = (0);            // 0-59
  t.tm_min = (58);           // 0-59
  t.tm_hour = (11);          // 0-23
  t.tm_mday = (1);           // 1-31
  t.tm_mon = (9);            // 0-11  "0" = Jan, -1
  t.tm_year = ((24) + 100);  // year since 1900,  current year + 100 + 1900 = correct year
  set_time(mktime(&t));      // set RTC clock
}
```

> **M7 sketch:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The M7 sketch is found below, and uses RPC to print out the incoming data from the M4.

**M7 sketch:**
```
